docs(configuration): add new value for optimization.sideEffects (#4115)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/optimization.md

## `optimization.sideEffects`

> `boolean = true`  `string: 'flag'` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`boolean = true`  `string = 'flag'` 
```

Author: It isn't the default value.

};
```

To only use the manual flag and do not analyse source code:

```js
module.exports = {
  //...
  optimization: {
    sideEffects: 'flag'
  }
};
```

> It is used by default in non-production builds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `flag` value is used by default in non-production builds.
```
